amuran has surprised everyone by offering to
collaborate with Poe on only fan after the
latter mentioned her interest
in the platform during an interview
[Music]
[Applause]
In addition, Amur reinforced his proposal
through a tweet that has not left
anyone indifferent Juan Guarnizo has
shown How his new
house is looking among other things he has shown us
his new bed and the progress in his
studio and going up the second floor we
have this little machine that is not
placed correctly because today workers came up and
down so they kind of put it in the
corner here We also have the
skateboard from back to the future the
Tecate fridge that doesn't go here it goes in the studio
but well the studio is being set up
then the master bedroom I think I had already
shown it it looks incredible this one
eh it was Come on over And these paintings that are
because well they are setting up the
studio So I haven't been able to finish
there that sofa also goes in the studio and
first spoiler of the studio There it goes there it is
missing supposedly tomorrow it could be
finished but it will take a little while
Ricky edit Reflect on a question
that generates quite a bit  controversy and
explains her point of view based on
hormonal and social factors is Who
has a greater tendency towards violence okay
eh I think that biologically yes because of
hormonal formation and because well
testosterone levels effectively
make that and I don't know scientifically
but that probably men
can be attributed the concept of
violence as something more assigned to them
Although I would have to have the
specific definition of violence to see if it
's not something fify because it has a
cerebral meaning that it doesn't matter what it is or what
your hormonal formation is but I
personally would say that yes,
men are violent people under
scientific ignorance okay perfect I
wanted to clarify certain controversies that have
arisen on social networks and has asked for
a little mercy towards her but
friends I'm going to be very honest with you I
work in social networks, that is, my
job is to make streams it's to upload tiktok
upload stories basically like that
's my job to generate content not
generate content from there then
work comes to me the whole roll that's what
I have been doing 10 years ago when
ar Gameplays was born when I was 16 years old And
now that I am 26 so basically
that  This is what I have dedicated myself to all these
years, this is when I started uploading
videos to YouTube and the whole thing, I said,
look, I've been doing this for over a month now and I really
like it, so
social media literally
became the job that I had
always wanted, eh And it has
continued to be until today, November 26,
2024, where I dedicate myself to making content and I
feel that my life is very exposed,
I am very clear about that, there has always been
talk about AR gamepl things, many things,
many normal things, many
atrocities, many things about me that
I didn't even know because many times they
make them up, etc. But friends, I
believe that we should not be unfair to me, I
mean, don't be too hard on me either. I believe
that we must have limits and we must be
human, I mean, I am aware that at one
point I screwed up many, many
years ago, I screwed up and I have
completely reformed into the person I was before
and I truly feel that today there is
a person who is on their way, they do
nothing,
hurt or screw others, I am
in my things but that they get really angry
and that  I get criticized and told
things for uploading tiktok for audios of
tiktokos of less than
ones everything the other way around the one who didn't want to
fall in love fell in love and that I was in love
I already
[Music]
literally forgot if we wanted
Any song on tiktok talks about what
I'm talking about if you want you can
imagine anything you
can literally imagine a story from my
life with any song whatever it is I mean
if I talk about I don't know There are so many
songs friends literally about
any song Something can be deduced
in this second part Ari Explains how he
works on social networks and responds to
the criticism he receives for his content
but that doesn't mean I'm going to stop living and I'm
going to stop uploading tiktok and I'm going to stop
listening to songs and I'm going to
stop putting them because I'm afraid of
what people are going to think or what people are going to
imagine Or if people are going to
think it's a hint or if people
think that I don't know what it is anymore, nonsense or I mean it
really is nonsense I don't follow I
think it's the application that I
use tiktok the most mm I follow a lot of the one
people and not because of the tiktok that I upload with
that audio I say she is like that she She is like that
she said that she likes another in
the song yes she likes another eh he said
in the song I [ __ ] 10 s he [ __ ]
10 Of course he [ __ ] 10 every day
friends it's not like that it's nonsense, I mean I
really also feel like they have
a very strange double standard
where there are people who can be
allowed many things but I can't
upload a tiktok then eh I just think
that we have to be a little less
intense with me I think I'm not
doing anything wrong mm it's not cool like they
always want to try to invent
things around my life is very it's very
strange I mean it's very very strange mm And
really making an audio that is
trending literally because the audios that I
have uploaded lately are the ones that have been coming
out on my TV so what
I do for my work is use the
audios that are being listened to the most so
I can also make mine and that they do
well because that is what I do
So I just ask that we have
a  a little bit of consistency to everyone that I
believe that all the people who have
access to the internet and who can write, who
can read, who are aware,
we are intelligent so really mm
I think that no, we should not invent
more things literally for
15 second audios where I literally do this I
mean that does not suit me in a monster
nor I am the worst of [ __ ] nor I mean
please let's be logical and
finally Ari says goodbye leaving it clear that he will
continue doing what makes him happy
regardless of external opinions I do
n't know that God bless me for what I
said I'm not sorry I said anything wrong
either but with me you don't know
With me you don't know But well, he didn't
want me How to be with in the desire to
say it because I'm not going to change anything in
my life if they didn't like what I uploaded then they wo
n't like anything of the others that I'm
going to upload because I'm always going to do
what I like what makes me
happy I'm going to listen to the music that
makes me happy and I'm not going to stop living for
anyone or anything And that's what I'm going to
do Pereira stars in a
shocking moment  break down in tears after
losing a game
Hi Pepe I'm a gamer girl who wants to
play with you at the edge Do you want
[Music] to
play after
Us your Setup this is like the spiral
but worse it's going it's over it's going I'm going in
[Music]
[Applause]
IV has shown an incredible
physical change after 5 months of effort
according to him he hasn't had this weight since he was
19 and he claims to feel much better
Dallas review has responded to those who
accuse him of attacking Vegeta in this
first part he clarifies that he only expressed his
opinion on His content what about the
game live and your haters
pending what a strong face rolling around
laughing so much eh the pathetic ones
went crazy watching a [ __ ]
fragment of a live where I said that
Vegeta's content was [ __ ] and it
's like let's see if he is
artistically it is please I mean what are you
arguing with me literally you might like him
more you might like him less eh Because
in general he doesn't do let's say toxic things
in general except he will defend
Willy Rex eh He doesn't do things that you say
are frowned upon or  much less Eh it can be
entertaining it can be nice like Talk
whatever but the content is [ __ ] I mean it's
literally start
recording I go pores gorgeous a bunch of
rat A lot of stuff from playing the
Gameplay without cutting a single piece
or a fun thing nothing zero it's a
money farm literally it's a
money farm just because And it is like that I mean it's
not a it's not a vocation for
art it's literally a money farm you hit
record you hit a couple of
recording you don't even send it to an
editor who has plenty of money for
Editors perfectly and I could have a
video every day of 40 minutes and read the
[ __ ] desire and edited also but it gives the
[ __ ] desire I mean because it's easier to
take hit pum record pum cut
recording up and it seems to me it seems like it
's poor in every way in the
next part Dallas Explains how his
words were misinterpreted and
criticizes the way these
controversies are generated if they want to make you cry that they
start crying they [ __ ] want I
wasn't even talking about Vegeta who
is  the worst thing was talking about
Jo Juan's garbage it has nothing to do with it eh but
they are pending tisimo and it's like Mira has
attacked Vegeta let's talk [ __ ]
about danas because
today is a live where I make a
comment about an example that I say m a
person that I don't dislike at all but
His content seems bad to me so
you can see that I'm saying another not because I
dislike him which I also dislike but I do
n't criticize him because I dislike him but
because it seems to me that it's garbage
content anyway it's the same old story they
say that then my opinion is not
relevant but even when I gave an
opinion that I'm not even
saying it in a relevant way that I don't
give relevance to my opinion at that
moment because I'm commenting on something
that has nothing to do with a live stream
they are in charge of giving it relevance and they
even published a note about me in a
newspaper can you believe it it's crazy eh
Agustn 51 has expressed his discontent
with Epic games for not allowing him to release
his skin in fortnite despite his dedication to the
game I love fortnite I love fortnite or so that
's what  that I love most in the world I have
shown it all my life I will
never have a skin that this is your game, I
mean what you're seeing here is your
[ __ ] game I am the person who has most
impacted the world of Fortnite Chapter 2
Remix in the world and they are going to
tell me that they are not going to collaborate with me
because I say bad things about the game when I have
been receiving Stream
sniping from its community for
months
when nobody was playing it nobody and then
you are going to go and pay me
Juan I don't know how many thousands of dollars to
promote the game the day
the game really comes out You are going to be
so hypocritical In this second part
Agustn responds to the criticism and admits
that he is crying due to the treatment received
Although he maintains his firm stance Well if you
are going to be so hypocritical, at least
allow me to comment on it live, eh,
you are dedicated to discrediting people who
play the game When nobody plays it
and they give you content When nobody gives it and
give it to you  credit to Pea who comes into the
game to react to the final event and
jerk off to those people yes to
those people skin lot and a jerk off come on
what a deal man come on Epic man Now that
I am number one in impact in the world
in the entire world there is no one who has
impacted more than me this season And you are
going to tell me no that they speak ill of the
company What a shame you have done What a
shame it is that it is literally
totally shameless nothing happens I am left
without a skin what I am not going to do is
without telling you because we are never going to release
a skin Epic games is rotten that's it
and I don't care and I don't care to say it but
obviously what I am doing is
crying eh I mean I don't want
absolutely anyone to think that I am
defending anything I am crying right now I
mean if someone calls me a crybaby just
know that for the first time in
my entire career which is the reality I am
crying I mean I am really crying I have
told Epic can I release a skin
they told me no they have told me a
trick that seemed like a
stupid lie and what I am
doing right now is crying live commenting on what I've experienced, that's it, but it's real, you can say crybaby ag You're crying Yes, yes, it's the only time you're going to be able to say crying I'm officially crying I'm finally crying Agustn reiterates that his career in fortnite
deserves recognition comparing his
impact with other content creators it
would be 100% one of the best-selling skins
because I would make sure that it was a
skin that, come on, bro, I'm historic
every season, every season I'm going to
release a viral clip and people are going to
want to have the al agusn 51 pissed off
is indeed closer to releasing
a skin in the game, a new
content creator, all he does is take
the two balls from Epic And
make that How delicious How delicious everything is very
good, he's closer to releasing a skin than
me with 7 years playing this game but
for my dick I have to comment this
to people and yes, I'll repeat it again
before I get criticized yes, I'm
crying, yes, I'm crying, yes, it
's real, I'm crying because I
'm not receiving the treatment that I think I
deserve, for the first time  you can
say it with pride because I'm really
crying greev is a kid who has
10000 clips screaming and getting angry at
the game saying that the game is
[ __ ] and saying that Epic doesn't do
things right but I search in
gref's locker and his skin comes up
however I search in the locker there 51 and there's
nothing Ninja doesn't have a career
literally like fortnite battle royale like
mine doesn't have it,
someone show it to me Ninja's Prime
is untouchable you understand like
lolito's Prime but today I
take Ninja at the content level I give him a
spin and I throw him up all the
[ __ ] skins are from Pea who says he
's your company it leaves a lot to be desired
how can you only scold me
dude and then take the skin to
everyone but the truth is that in
class maybe people talked the one who was
scolded was having fun 51 bro the class was talking
the teacher started scolding me she didn't
tell me  [ __ ] bro but I am the person who
deserves it the most and I don't care about the
plan to fight with whoever it takes and
then you're going to put the
Lego campaigns on everyone but not on Gi because I
think I deserve a skin in for
Battle royale above all,
the Lego products haven't arrived yet,
because your comment on streaming
eh It's not for Lego it's pegi 3 But
what are you telling me if you're
giving all the Lego products to
content creators that I can
insult you every hour it's not going to affect
me it's not going to fool me it's not going to
fool me not me No because the
four times I've spoken to Epic
games about giving me a skin everything is an
excuse everything is I don't deserve the skin everything
is [ __ ] everything is [ __ ] everything is
blaming my content and such and such and
then people are the same it's the same
that they snort the whole tip of my dick
guys I go talk to Epic games about
whether one day we can collaborate together and
I eat the biggest disrespect that
a company has ever done to me in my life  hh a
skin for agusn 51 hh Why does
n't Agustn have it yet #epic please Stop
bullying aus rivers has
denounced the proliferation of accounts
on social networks that spread hoaxes and
generate hate taking as an example a
recent case involving Ari
Gameplays was the one they did to Ari
with the guy who did our hair at the party
crazy they made a story that he was a
Cuban who was even engaged
and This was months months ago and they put
photos of Ari thanking him for the
hairstyle they cut the text and put
really weird photos that it wasn't even the
same guy they put like him a guy who
looked like another one and all the people
saying truly horrible
but horrible things to Ari what you
say crazy guy literally a guy on
tiktok to go viral grabbed that by the
ass but literally by the ass eh I
mean by the ass eh I'm telling you that the
tiktok had almost a million likes
Leave the views a million likes are
people who saw it and gave it like views
can  be that they have sunbathed him almost
a million likes that were left with
the perspective that Ari had gotten
engaged to a Cuban who I think is not
even Cuban he is Spanish he was the one who did
my hair for the evening to
finish him off girls in this second part
River details how manipulated clips
and misinformation affect not only
public figures but also
ordinary people apart from having a partner, that is, the
geey the dude had a partner, that is, everything is bad
and and Yes, yeah Exactly Exactly yes what
this one is commenting on and I say crazy How easy it is to
misinform people how easy it is to
misinform people about things
nowadays or also for example that they
cut clips that take clips from
years ago they cut it eh they cut it and then they
put another clip from another It's like if I
say if this clip Imagine they're going to do it I don't care
No you're worthless you [ __ ]
stupid p I'm very angry
with you and they put it with something that
Molly says two weeks ago and they put the clip
of Molly below from two weeks ago and
this clip that I  I'm talking to myself
upstairs and people don't [ __ ] rivers I
'm already editing it [ __ ] rivers really
rude [ __ ] there are too many geey
too many and then the stupid people
get with that idea and they say and dare
to say things but extremely
horrible gy Oh and apart from that the person who
owns those types of accounts
When someone posts Hey this is fake
that I don't know what reaches him this is
fake yet the guy who made the video
says It's not true are you not watching the
video how easy it is to really
misinform and then the people I tell you
believe it which is the majority and that they get
a super erroneous idea of ahy and bor the
comments that say it's fake
obviously they get a super
erroneous idea of something and apart from that they dare to
tell them to say things very very very very very very
ugly very ugly is he is very crazy
that dude lost the tradition of not
believing anything on the internet Yeah yeah then
they put some [ __ ] and then the clip of me
crying [ __ ] your mother dude
Finally rivers Reflect on how
anonymity encourages  toxicity on networks
and regrets how normalized
hate is on the internet is Hello the papari Yes
but the papari is that I saw it more like
me never to com for people
the guys hide, I mean they are there in
your face they do not hide and there I already understood
that I said it was my turn I mean it was my turn that he
recorded us well [ __ ] I said well what the
[ __ ] I said m and the headline dude
headline well t see notes literally
well t see notes eh Ari said enjoying
his single life what gy what but now it makes me
think literally Im all the
[ __ ] notes they put out or all the
[ __ ] photos that the paparazzi take
from all over the world with headlines like that the
truth is it is it is [ __ ] up I don't know and I tell you and
like people no longer have that filter
of not believing anything on the contrary they believe
absolutely everything they are given everything they are
fed they believe everything everything everything everything It is
very [ __ ] up also
people make conclusions out of pure
[ __ ] and what they see is not really
what is happening I think it is
very normalized or rather not  There's
so much attention paid to how ugly it is to
be exposed and I'm talking about
any type of person eh any
type of person Not necessarily
public figures but eh Like
so many people on the internet are exposed it's
heavy and I mean for example
people who have a normal account that
maybe they publish a photo and it goes
viral without being a public figure and they have
thousands of people throwing hate at them or
criticizing their physique or whatever they are ugly dude they're
ugly Yeah I read so much
[ __ ] that I don't give a damn I mean
suddenly it's like look son of a [ __ ]
hate on the internet is also very normalized
and it's the the problem is
anonymity the problem is that
a 54 year old man posts a picture of a dog
and doesn't even know who he is and they
think they're really cool behind a
screen eh without showing their face since it's
so normalized then it's going to have
less relevance before when they canceled
someone they canceled someone now they
cancel everyone it doesn't matter anymore so I
feel like that's going to happen it's the same you
funabem ahita Don't [ __ ] with me  Dude they devalued me
Yeah then and tomorrow they're going to devalue me again
and the day after tomorrow it's also
devalued yes it's devalued come on it's because of
any nonsense geey it's me for real
Sometimes I see and it freaks me out Because I know what it's like to
be open to comments and it
freaks me out that people who well no no are not
that used to it I have
normal profiles eh of people who are not
public figures who can then answer
every comment and justify themselves and I I've
always been left with the desire to
send a crazy message don't
bother yourself they're stupid people Rubius and Auron
have remembered the controversy last year
about Mexico pointing each other out as
responsible for the comments that
generated the funa eh I don't know why every
time I play something with Auron on Stream it
always ends up being let's say the
third world war on Twitter carrit
my goodness yes Thank goodness they are not little
races eh having received photos of
guns to me Focus invited me a
month ago to play little races and photos of
guns and bullets in this  second
part Rubius jokes about
Auron's comments Unleashing laughter
among the participants while the topic
continues to generate controversy
yes It was incredible I didn't expect it eh
But what happened what did you say to make you
laugh nothing nothing The truth is what's going on you don't
have balls that's what happens you don't have
Auron said that Mexico was
[ __ ] and that he hated it I just said that it
was far away How how how to say say that
Auron said that Mexico hated
Mexico and that
Mexico was [ __ ] No I just said that Mexico was
a little far away for me but that I
would love to go but Auron went too
far I said that Luisito was going to go
like and he said I don't know what [ __ ] I don't
know what no no no no no no no no you
said the [ __ ] thing you remember it like it
was yesterday finally both streamers
reflect in a humorous way on
how the controversy broke out making it clear
that it was all a
misunderstanding well it's that
after eh two years today history repeats itself I
also
tell you if it were up to noni Chile
would disappear like
Imagine what you're saying why
Chile then they call me "culado" and your
mother is one and well family has been
the news today if you don't want to
miss any details subscribe to the
Channel and activate notifications bye
[Music]